chore(ckbtc): proposals to install Bitcoin Checker and to use it in ckBTC minter (#3013)
dfinity/ic: rs/bitcoin/ckbtc/mainnet/btc_checker_install_2024_12_06.md

# Proposal to install the BTC Checker canister

Repository: `https://github.com/dfinity/ic.git`

Git hash: `9849a2f03af855d09ac42f5949393c86df3d9c47`

New compressed Wasm hash: `455f2e7a2a1b872b59c7dc6729f77f507ab4c4617be402d791c9e79ec55bf6d4`

> Install args hash: `4bf28e4112db80ce139abc509a4178a6790582566a5c64c5fe2ad009b4173133`

Reviewer: confirmed 🎉

Target canister: `oltsj-fqaaa-aaaar-qal5q-cai`

---

## Motivation

Install the Bitcoin Checker canister at canister id `oltsj-fqaaa-aaaar-qal5q-cai`.

The Bitcoin Checker implements checks for Bitcoin transactions and addresses against the OFAC (https://sanctionssearch.ofac.treas.gov/) list.
It offers a more transparent approach than the KYT canister, and helps to simplify the process.

> A followup NNS proposal will propose to switch The ckBTC minter to using the Bitcoin Checker.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
A follow-up NNS proposal will propose to switch the ckBTC minter to using the Bitcoin Checker.
```
